In the IT world, the term "architecture" is so widely used, but often incorrectly, to refer to what is design, sometimes even development. Sometimes it is due to lack of a clear understanding of the topic. Other times it is either unconscious choice, or because 'architecture' is deemed to be a more attractive word than 'design' or 'code'. 
    
The first case is reflective of what architecture is. Not just IT, but also in other domains. 
 
Architecture can be seen as something dealing with abstract ideas, uncertain questions, and concerns. As these are nurtured, probed, and developed, they begin to take shape and fall into familiar patterns, which leads to the transition from architecture to design. At this point, concrete blueprints and diagrams can be drafted to represent the planned structure, like floor plans for buildings, or sequence diagrams for IT systems (So when one of those design diagrams are presented as architecture even by experienced IT folks, I get somewhat confused if they are just going with the flow of projecting it fancier). 
 
It is worth remembering that boundary of architecture is continuously evolving over time. As our collective understanding of problem-solving matures and decision trees for various situations emerge, it shifts left i.e. what used to be architecture once transforms into being design. Similarly, certain design techniques that were once popular may no longer be necessary. For example, once upon a time class diagrams were quite popular, but I have not seen one in last many years. On the other hand, sequence diagram is still useful as visual aid to grasp dynamic interactions in today's world of distributed solutions. So under unchanging conditions, as uncertainties and fuzziness in the domain decrease, architecture boundary can shrink. 

But world as we know, and its conditions are always changing to keep the fuzziness alive (and save us from boredom). New requirements/conditions/consraints arise, conflicts with previous state, NFRs change beyond imagination, old things crosses shelf life and is no longer found fit for changed space-time, technology expires, new technologies emerge, people and culture change. These all make architecture boundary expand. Not too long ago, green buildings were not imagined. For IT people, infrasructure started being available as-a-service with elasticity opened new horizons. Before majority of folks landed there, even platform services were available in browser, then fabulous orchestrators, and now computer seem almost caught up with human in terms of language capability! Growth of fuzziness of it all together is much higher than the rate of simplification, if at all, for inividual items, is not it? 

So in summary, I believe the term 'architecture' should be used more consciously, with accuracy in the context. Otherwise it can lead to some undesired side effects, particularly in context of big companies.  